I awake, for the second time, in the newly populated server. A newly converted Flâneur, I'm trying to see this place in a different light. Last I was here, I was hectically trying to figure out how I wanted to build my base, what I wanted to build on a large scale, and how much to borrow from my fellow players. Now I know, I'll be borrowing a loot in my new role. In any case, a lot's changed in a week. New water wheels, enchanting tables, animal pens, and of course, more pollution. I don't really know much of what I plan to do whilst floating between creations and creators, but I know  I want to document. So here I am, writing. It took me a little while to get the ingredients together for these books and quills, but they're going to be indispensable, I know it. At the end of every exploration session (and probably during), I hope to use these to document long-form reflections. We'll see just how well that goes. Maybe I can begin to parse a meaning from this madness. Maybe I'm just conceited.

Everyone around here seems to have a lovely hodgepodge of both vanilla and modded items just littering their many XXL-sized chests. It's kinda cute.

Spawn's changed a lot since I was last here. Big farms and sprawling tunnels for new miners. I wonder how quickly this place will become a ruin. It certainly feels like it now.

My initial attempts to interview denizens have gone unrequited. Perhaps I need to be more persuasive.

I seem to have found some strange wood-lined blood magic pit. It feels very out of place in this rugged landscape, and the vanilla cobblestone and wood that line its perimeter give the whole thing a patchwork vibe. It's like finding a devotional figure in someone's car.

I've come across a half-made base in the middle of nowhere. It looks great so far, but has absolutely no roof to speak of. Is it abandoned? Did I just miss someone? Who knows!

Welp, I just indirectly blew up someone's front door. Kinda. A creeper followed me inside a ring of torches and blew up right as I was leaving. Lovely. People are generously letting me come inside and take whatever I want (though I have yet to take them up on that). I feel bad that this is how I greeted someone in their lovely home. But I suppose it's fortuitous. I should give them a gift as an apology.

Just got killed by a creeper. Another one. I suppose this is going to be my life for the next while, as I travel between bases and monuments. It's lonely, but incredibly funny.

My blatant disregard for my own safety when it comes to mobs and fall damage is astounding. But  ahhh, the things we do for content...

I really like how everyone's just toiling away at their own tasks, seemingly completely oblivious to everything else. I wonder how things will start to shape up as groups are solidified.

I found another large-scale farm. The animal noises are incessant. Calming I suppose, but also kinda off-putting. This one is well lit, and relatively spacious. But still, it feels weird when no one's around.

As I return to my perch near Luna's base to conclude msy first Flâneur romp, I'm greeted once again by snow. Falling slowly as it always seems to doing this part of the map. I think I'm ready to take on some of the more intimidating parts of the map now, and I feel excited to get as integrated as possible. Time will tell what revelations and allegories come when next I log on.