In the later hours of the evening, I find myself logging on to find the server quiet. Only 3 of us toil away at 10pm. I like this time. It allows me to do my heedless exploration and documentation at will.

The Communitarian 2 group has advanced by leaps and bounds! They have a few farms going, and a lovely base coming along. They even put the picture up that I took of them. So lovely :)

I learned that Bl4ackbirds and bdesormeau were planning on heading to somewhere called the "demon realm" to indeed "hunt demons". Asking no questions regarding the reasoning behind this goal, I asked to join, and was soon outfitted by armour and weapons well beyond my means. *Don't* ask, and you shall receive, I suppose.

Through a series of convoluted teleportation monoliths and the like, we were brought swiftly into a somber yet ominous set of interlocking chambers. Bl4ckbirds explained that crafted keys were required to progress further, and would open doors to chambers. I'd soon learn that these chambers held valuable resources (protected of course by legions of  seemingly native skeletons and zombies).

The pace was quick as we zipped from room to room. I did my best to snap as many pictures as possible, whilst also firing the occasional misplaced crossbow shot. In all, the experience was quiet, frantic, and entirely claustrophobic.

This was made all the more apparent after the event of my death, somewhere deep along the labyrinthine rooms. We were luck enough to get a chance to retrieve our supplies, but everything felt quite a lot more real for a few minutes. More real than it has been previously, in my documentarian role.

A  new development has arisen. We've just learned that all of the images that we've been placing with the Modern Life cameras are taking up way too much memory, and even crashing the game for other players. Woe! Tragedy and misery! We dismantled the installations (at least the large concentrations of them) as quickly as possible, and now the Flaneur base feels very empty again. nwatson was kind enough to give us the run down on how to use the other camera from the Camera Mod, and so that's what I've been trying out now. Though I still need to figure out how to get it into an item frame, but it may work. At the very least, the old F1 + F2 trick will still work just fine. That being said, I do adore the materiality of the Modern Life camera. Super410 mentioned possibly putting the canvasses back up somewhere isolated, where they won't mess with anyone's memory. A soft or Minecraft time capsule, or perhaps akin to a buried nuclear waste dump. I think the latter is more apt.

Due to recent busyness, I haven't had a chance to get on the server in the past couple days. So this morning's job (at least on the outset) was just to poke around with the new camera and document any changes. In actuality, this morning's job was to grieve at the loss of the Modern Life camera, and begin to reconcile with the Camera Mod one. It's a turbulent process, but a very modern one, in all truth. The old is buried by the new, but waits, humming in the dark, for its turn to be displayed once again.