Tonight was a fun evening. I logged on with an idea in mind. Warmup papers and reflections aside, I wanted to try something. It had gotten into my head some weeks back that I wanted to actually interview members of the server, rather than just ask them the idle question and snap a photograph. I know I wanted to actually do interviews. And so I set forth for that today.

Just my luck, no one was online. This gave me a chance to spend the unbearably long process of crafting pen & quill books, chests, and signs, and the copying of instructions. It also allowed me to clandestinely deposit 10 small packages all around the server for people to find. Each chest contains a single notebook, with 6 interview questions. This allows me to get answers asynchronously, without the fear of muddling answers.

I left most of the packages inside of bases, but a good few of them are scattered here and there, for the idle wanderer to happen upon. There's even one in the Nether.

Whether the answers are short, long, provoking, mundane, or a combination of the above, I care not. They'll all be unique, and they'll all be valuable.

I return to the server now, a few days later, and already a few of the more active players have discovered my little boxes. Responses are honest and insightful.

I got a chance to see the basement of rorymaplemoth's place today. It's expansive, labyrinthine, and very productive. They showed me all around their various crushers, liquidifiers, filterers, and production lines. It was a very quick insight into the power of the Immersive Engineering and Create mods. I even got to drive a train! That was a ton of fun. rorymaplemoth says  that they're trying to build the tracks and train system in a way so as to be conscious of the local ecology. I wonder how actualizable that is. It's a valiant goal, and I await excitedly to see how something like that might get implemented.

Even later in the evening, I hopped back onto the bustling server. As always, people putter about their tasks, some more nomadic than others. I had it in my head to set up a more proper living space for myself, instead of freeloading off of Super410 by hermiting in their basement. I didn't go far though, just building a little stilt house a little ways off the shore from the Flaneur base. It's pretty, if a little bare and not completely spawn proofed (soul lights are pretty, but not very bright). Come say hi sometime!

Before, during, and after this, Bl4ckbirds and I successfully executed a number of schemes, from procuring the said soul lights, learning how to fly with an elytra, and summoning a meteor. I feel much more mobile and integrated now, with all of these infrastructure changes. I wonder how much of my gameplay will change, now that I have access to the sky. Will it change the way I think as well?

On one final note, just before logging off, Bl4ckbirds illuminated me to the fact that a lot of their blood magic comes from the act of feeding cakes to magic flowers. This produced blood magic powers all of the teleposers that are so commonly used on the server. Kind of a terrifying thought, and definitely an allegory for something I'm not eloquent enough to put into words. Just makes you think, I suppose.