Another day on the server passes, with all us 25-30 players cramming into the same space once again. It's actually calming now, this process of stopping and starting. I know some routines, I know some objectives. It's just about doing the work to get it done I suppose. I'm just rambling. Musing about a growing community tends to be amorphous.

In the coming days, I plan to find a suitable mountain or deep hole in which to busy my heaps upon heaps of now unusable canvasses. Sure, I could just throw them all away into magma or something, but that doesn't feel right. They're important. A part of history now. And if I can somehow pay homage to our own species' modernist failures with radioactive technology, I think it would be worthwhile.

After that's done, my next goal will be to find an easier and more sustainable way to put images up again, with the Camera Mod camera. Image frames are expensive though, so maybe I can recruit someone to help me. I really am fitting the that 'active Flaneur' mould.

I have to head out how, and go downtown for my next class. With plans and images swimming in my head, I take leave of our eclectic little cluster.

I return now, late into the night, after a long day of class work and communication. I'd honestly expected to be the only one on this late, but as it turned out, Bl4ckbirds and WonderAnchor were both around to torment me in lovely ways. My image-frame-making session quickly devolved into Bl4ckbirds levitating me around and showering me with leather and string.

We experimented with the new placeable images. We wanted to see if they'd produce the same lag. I won't bore you with the very limited Science! that we did do, but results are still inconclusive. We'll see what other people think.

I got a lot of great photos of Bl4ckbirds and WonderAnchor tonight, and even aided in an identity theft crime. They're good folks, even if they play strange songs and blast around me at the speed of light. Once again, I'm happy to be an active Flaneur.