I began my second session as a Flaneur with purpose, intent, and a fair amount of giddiness. I wanted to make cameras, printers, lots more books, and put them to good use. I knew that for the second official class I wanted to hop around, seeing what groups were doing, and really document the ways that the groups tackled their monuments. Becuase I was so absorbed taking phtos, and journeying between monuments, I found it difficult to actually find time to write, but in any case, here it is. Going forward, I'll be using text styling like this to represent my post-game thoughts, and text styling like this to represent my in-game thoughts. It just makes sense to me that they should be kept separate.

Hopping from group to group, I seem to find myself somewhat emotionally distant from other players. It feels weird, like I'm a ghost just floating around. I'll have a better idea sometime soon I think. Though this feeling did creep up from time to time, I found myself very welcoome by those who I did approach. It's all a matter of finding the right angle. Perhaps this is a good example of me ffeeling a lack of social credit (to tie into some readings), or perhaps I'm just being pretentious.

One of the first things that I heard upon starting my photographic exploration was a remark that Lunabunn made about the newly-forming pollution blocks above their base (as can be seen in the last report). Someone had mentioned the pollution mod, and they commented that "there's a bunch of souls above my house but I don’t know what to do with them". Besides the obvious connection to the laissez-faire ideas set forth about Minecraft in Childhood's End, it just got me thinking about visualizing Minecraft death. The soul of the world being burned away. Fellow Flaneur Super410 has already jumped on death documentation, and has spent time taking photos of the "many skeletons" around the game areas. It's easy to simply count player death and note the pockmarks on the earth, but what happens when death because a landscape feature?

Enough fancy talk. I wanted to see what the groups were up to with their monuments. The closest was the 2nd Communitarian group, so I headed directly to them I'll let words and in-game text tell a story for now. Enjoy.

The 2nd Communitarian group was cheerful and jovial, striding purposefully along the land when I found them. We quickly reached the monument they sought. At first, they were cautious to make it across the lava moat, but decided in time to make a small, sturdy bridge. Soon enough, all members were crawling all over. After a few more minutes I asked them how they were doing in their monument-assigned task. They replied simply that think though they were making progress, but they're not exactly sure how. They were a bit hesitant, wondering if it didn't belong to them. Did it have meaning? Was it their job to upkeep it?

"It wants us to upkeep the monument in a non-destructive way."

"When you think of a monument, it must have some history and significance. We're compelled to upkeep it and keep it pristine. We just might not know why now."

By the time I had to head out, the team had completed task 2 of many, but the momentum was there. I had faith in them. And I was excited to come back here later and see what future work they had gotten done. In all, it was a really fun day, if a tad hectic. I do think I enjoy the more passive documentation better. Sneaking around, snapping pictures, trying to decipher those "unknowable alien perspectives" and close-to-the-code things that people seem to allegorize in their after-hours creations. I like documenting the aimlessness of it all. And the growing purpose.